Moving cluster indices permission to cluster section #1656 (#7161)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/access-control/permissions.md

{: .note }

### Cluster wide index permissions

| **Permission** | **Description** |
| :--- | :--- |
| `indices:admin/template/delete` |  Permission to [delete index templates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-templates/#delete-a-template). |
| `indices:admin/template/get` |  Permission to [get index templates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-templates/#retrieve-a-template). |
| `indices:admin/template/put` |  Permission to [create index templates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-templates/#create-a-template). |

> | `indices:data/read/scroll` |  Permission to scroll data. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/scroll` |  Permission to scroll through data. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/scroll/clear` | Permission to clear read scroll data. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/scroll/clear` | Permission to clear read scroll data. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/scroll/clear` | Permission to clear read scroll data. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: Is "read scroll data" a thing?

> | `indices:data/read/scroll/clear` | Permission to clear read scroll data.  This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/scroll/clear` | Permission to clear read scroll data. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |
```

| `indices:data/read/mget` |  Permission to run [multiple GET operations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/multi-get/) in one request. |

> | `indices:data/read/mget*` |  Permission to run multiple GET operations in one request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/mget*` |  Permission to run multiple GET operations in one request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/msearch` |  Permission to run [multiple search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/multi-search/) requests in a single API request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/msearch` |  Permission to run [multiple search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/multi-search/) requests in a single API request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/msearch/template` |  Permission to bundle [multiple search templates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search-template/#multiple-search-templates) and send them to your OpenSearch cluster in a single request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/msearch/template` |  Permission to bundle [multiple search templates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search-template/#multiple-search-templates) and send them to your OpenSearch cluster in a single request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/mtv` |  Permission to retrieve multiple term vectors with a single request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/mtv` |  Permission to retrieve multiple term vectors with a single request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/mtv*` |  Permission to retrieve multiple term vectors with a single request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/mtv*` |  Permission to retrieve multiple term vectors with a single request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/search/template/render` |  Permission to render search templates. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/search/template/render` |  Permission to render search templates. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/write/bulk` |  Permission to run a [bulk]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/) request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/write/bulk` |  Permission to run a [bulk]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/) request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/write/bulk*` |  Permission to run a bulk request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/write/bulk*` |  Permission to run a bulk request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/write/reindex` |  Permission to run a [reindex]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/reindex-data/). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/write/reindex` |  Permission to run a [reindex]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/reindex-data/) operation. |
```

| `indices:admin/settings/update` |  Permission to [update index settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/index-apis/update-settings/). |
| `indices:admin/shards/search_shards` |  Permission to perform [cross cluster search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/access-control/cross-cluster-search/). |
| `indices:admin/upgrade` | Permission for administrators to perform upgrades. |
| `indices:admin/validate/query` |  Permission to validate a specific query. |
| `indices:data/read/explain` |  Permission to run the [Explain API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/explain/). |
| `indices:data/read/field_caps` |  Permission to run the [Field Capabilities API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/alias/#using-aliases-in-field-capabilities-api-operations). |
| `indices:data/read/field_caps*` |  Permission to run the Field Capabilities API. |
| `indices:data/read/get` |  Permission to read index data. |
| `indices:data/read/mget` |  Permission to run [multiple GET operations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/multi-get/) in one request. |

> | `indices:data/read/mget*` |  Permission to run multiple GET operations in one request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/mget*` |  Permission to run multiple GET operations in one request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/msearch` |  Permission to run [multiple search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/multi-search/)  requests into a single request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/msearch` |  Permission to run [multiple search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/multi-search/)  requests in a single request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/msearch/template` |  Permission to bundle [multiple search templates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search-template/#multiple-search-templates) and send them to your OpenSearch cluster in a single request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/msearch/template` |  Permission to bundle [multiple search templates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search-template/#multiple-search-templates) and send them to your OpenSearch cluster in a single request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/mtv` |  Permission to retrieve multiple term vectors with a single request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/mtv` |  Permission to retrieve multiple term vectors with a single request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/mtv*` |  Permission to retrieve multiple term vectors with a single request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/mtv*` |  Permission to retrieve multiple term vectors with a single request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

| `indices:data/read/plugins/replication/file_chunk` | Permission to check files during segment replication. |
| `indices:data/read/plugins/replication/changes` | Permission to make changes to segment replication settings. |

> | `indices:data/read/scroll` |  Permission to scroll data. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/scroll` |  Permission to scroll through data. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/scroll/clear` | Permission to clear read scroll data. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/scroll/clear` | Permission to clear the scroll object. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/scroll/clear` | Permission to clear read scroll data. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/read/scroll/clear` | Permission to clear read scroll data. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/read/scroll/clear` | Permission to clear read scroll data. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: Is "read scroll data" a thing?

Reviewer: @AntonEliatra I suspect that "read scroll data" is meant to be past tense, but it reads as though "read scroll data" is a noun. Can we rephrase for clarity?

Author: Ah I see what you mean, will fix now

| `indices:data/read/search` |  Permission to [search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search/) data. |
| `indices:data/read/search*` |  Permission to search data. |
| `indices:data/read/search/template` |  Permission to read a search template. |
| `indices:data/read/tv` |  Permission to retrieve information and statistics for terms in the fields of a particular document. |
| `indices:data/write/delete` |  Permission to [delete documents]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/delete-document/). |
| `indices:data/write/delete/byquery` |  Permission to delete all documents that [match a query]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/delete-by-query/). |
| `indices:data/write/plugins/replication/changes` |  Permission to change data replication configurations and settings within indexes. |

> | `indices:data/write/bulk` |  Permission to run a [bulk]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/) request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/write/bulk` |  Permission to run a [bulk]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/) request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/write/bulk*` |  Permission to run a bulk request. (Need to configure as both cluster level and index level permission) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/write/bulk*` |  Permission to run a bulk request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |
```

> | `indices:data/write/bulk*` |  Permission to run a bulk request. This setting needs to be configured as both a cluster and index level permission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `indices:data/write/bulk*` |  Permission to run a bulk request. This setting must be configured as both a cluster- and index-level permission. |
```
